# CFLP-Instance-Generator
Generates test problem instances for the Capacitated Facility Location Problem according to a proposal of Cornuejols et al. (1991).

# Files
- gencflp.c : C code of the test instance generator
- gencflp.input1 : input file for creating the test instances in Klose and Goertz (2007)
- gencflp.input2 : input file for creating the test instances in Goertz and Klose (2012)
- Makefile : Makefile for compiling on a Linux system
- Optsol1.txt : optimal solutions (objective value, set of open depots) to KG (2007) instances
- Optsol2.txt :	optimal solutions to GK (2012) instances
- rnd.c : random number generator by Lionnel Maugis
- rnd.h	: header file to rnd.c

# Usage
gencflp inputfile path
         
where
- inputfile is an ascii file providing information about the test problem instances which "gencflp" should generate.
  This file must provide the following infomation.
  (1) Seed, i.e. an integer number specifying the seed number for the random number generator (if Seed=0 a seed number
      is generated automatically)
  (2) For every problem class:
        #customers  #depot sites  ratio  problem name             
      where "ratio" is the desired ratio of total capacity to total demand.
  
- path is an optional argument specifying the output path          
          
# Generated test instances
(1) Test problem set generated by gencflp.input1 
    (This will regenerate the instances  used in Klose and Goertz (2007))

(2) Test problem set generated by gencflp.input2
    (This will regenerate the instances used in Goertz and Klose (2012))
    
# References
Cornuejols G, Sridharan R, Thizy J-M (1991) A Comparison of Heuristics and Relaxations for the Capacitated Plant Location Problem. Eur J Oper Res 50:280-297.

Klose A, Goertz S (2007) A branch-and-price algorithm for the capacitated facility location problem. Eur J Oper Res 179:1109-1125.

Goertz S, Klose A (2012) A simple but usually fast branch-and-bound algorithm for the capacitated facility location problem. INFORMS J Computing 24:597-610.
	
  
